{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoascreenfonts1\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9240\viewh11420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The package rgar you successfully downloaded, unStuffed, and opened up contains an attempt to produce a simplified set of fonts for the production of workbooks for primary (beginning) students of the Ge'ez language.\
\
Ge'ez in its usual state is beautifully calligraphic, but such a style is very difficult for a beginner to write.  The fonts have reduced the beautiful sweeps, flairs, and flags to simple pencil strokes.  \
\
There are 15 related fonts, named Geez Handwriting.  They contain fonts with plain letters, Dotted Letters Outlined letters, with and without Arrows and Rules.  Two fonts, Geez Handwriting Arrows Only and Rules Only are for use in color workbook publishing, if needed.\
\
The philosophy of making the letters is that if the pencil ends up after one stroke exactly where another stroke begins, that other stroke is done next, even if it is only a form flag.\
\
To install, drag all the fonts (.otf and .ttfs) into the Library/Fonts folder.  Drag the "AbyssinicaSIL" file to the Library/Keyboard Layouts folder.  Drag the "Geez keystroke table.doc" file to a location that you can remember.  Under the Apple Menu, pull down System Preferences/Language & Text/Input Sources, and check the box that allows Abyssinica SIL to be selected.\
\
The keystrokes needed to produce the Ge'ez letters are shown in the second column of the document "Geez keystroke table.doc."  The third column is the SIL Abyssinica character that these fonts are trying to replicate.  The next columns are the contents of the various Geez Handwriting fonts.\
\
None of us here at Educational Fontware, Inc. know a single word or syllable of Ge'ez.  I'm sure there are better representations of the letters, but we've reached the limit of our knowledge.  If someone would tell us how to improve the representations, we'd be delighted.\
\
This version is freeware.  There are no restrictions on its use or distribution.  The Abyssinica font and keyboard layouts in this folder were developed by SIL, www.sil.org, and we thank them for their hard work.\
\
Feel free to contact me at dave@educationalfontware.com\
\
Dave Thompson, font designer\
President, EFI\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 P.S.  I owe much thanks to Pat Davis at SIL (www.sil.org) for her encouragement, and Mr. Sileh Idris in Eritrea for his encouragement and reviews.
\f1 \
}